---
layout: page
title:  teaching experience
date: 2021-06-15 00:00:00
description: <em>the crux of the matter</em>
tags: teaching
categories: experience
---

During my undergraduate studies, I had the opportunity to teach my fellow students as an assistant to the teaching assistant—essentially a teaching fellow. Throughout the semester, I was available to assist students, particularly when they had intriguing questions. I served as a teaching assistant for one semester in the subject of Computer Architecture, where students worked on programming exercises in assembly language. *Ouch!*

*The crux of the matter*: Make sure you have a solid grasp of C programming before diving into Computer Architecture!

Later, during my master’s studies, I became a teaching assistant for database-related subjects, including relational databases, non-relational databases, object-oriented programming with database elements, database design, normalization, and data organization. This role spanned two semesters: one for online courses and one for in-person classes. As someone who is naturally shy and doesn’t enjoy performing in front of large groups, starting with online courses was a great fit. Teaching in-person classes proved more challenging but also more engaging.

Being a teaching assistant not only allowed me to teach and assess students’ knowledge but also provided valuable insights into the teaching process itself.

Teaching involves sharing knowledge, answering questions, listening, and debating. It also requires preparing study materials and tests, utilizing teaching tools (such as projectors, smart boards, PCs/laptops, printers, and copiers), and staying organized in front of hundreds of students.

*The crux of the matter*: If you’re a student, give your teaching assistant some slack. They’re doing their best for you while managing a busy schedule with multiple classes each week.
